LISTING CAROUSEL
INTRODUCTION
Here are the stages that we will cover—which are true of any software project:
1. Idea generation/concept.
2. Analysis/feasibility study: The purpose of conducting a feasibility study on the product concept is to vet the ROI (that is, return on investment) for the project. In other words, is the project worth the company's investment of its resources (time, money, talent, and so on)?
3. Requirement gathering.
4. Use cases.
5. Wireframes.
6. Implementation.

The perfect document for this is a formal business plan because it contains summary information on all the important things investors would want to see, namely:
-> Market analysis: Is there room in the market for yet another similar product? What is the market potential?
-> Competitive analysis: How is our product/service going to be different? Are we going to compete on cost, quality, or features?
-> Required resources: What personnel does the project need? And how many man-hours to build it and deliver it to market?
-> Budgets: How much money in total should be budgeted for the project (IT, sales, operating costs, and so on)?
-> Financial projections: What revenues can be expected over the next 12 months, two years, three years, and five years? What is the break-even point?
-> Exit strategies: How long do we operate the company for? How do we get our investment out

Here is a partial list of what we came up with as requirements:
1. The ability to create a carousel-style photo viewer (one per listing/property, with any number of photos in it)
2. The ability for the user to upload photos
3. The ability to annotate each photo (that is, a caption at the bottom of the photo)
4. The ability to flip the photo around to show a detailed description of what is shown on the photo
5. The ability for the user to link a photo to a carousel
The ability for the user to order/re-order the photos within a carousel
6. The ability for the user to post the carousel of the listing on Facebook
7. The ability for the user to post the carousel of the listing on Instagram
8. The ability to have a magic link manually placed on any website that the user has access to, which opens the listing's carousel in a modal lighthouse in place
9. The ability to have a soundtrack play while the listing's carousel auto-scrolls through the photos in it
10. Each carousel will have a unique short permalink assigned to it so that the user can email or text it to whomever they like

---> The two features that we'll omit are the magic link and the playing of the music soundtrack.
I won't make any promises, but I may create a blog post on how to build the magic link on my blog,
AngularMotion.io, in the near future


